I want the EduCAP Insights to look more professional but keep the same design. Make the tiles look sharper. On the Movement Map, there needs to be color differentiation between Proficient, ON, DEV, HR, ND. At the bottom, there needs to be a color legend to break down what each means. Also, add a download button where teachers can download any reports that they want for both ELA and Math. Also, on the admin, add a dropdown box for admin to choose any teachers and view their report. Also, add in the same dropdown box content selection to populate the data ELA or Math. Once chosen, the data is populated. Admin should also be able to compare different grade level data (baseline, mipoint, final) against each other. On the teacher page, add a download button for teachers to download the data as a pdf and print or share it with parents. When teachers are create and assign assessments, it doesn't show up under the students assessment tab. Please fix. Teachers should only generate an ACCESS Code for scholars to use to access the Baseline, Midpoint, and Final Assessment. Please allow assessments that are created and assign to scholars show up under their ASSESSMENT Tab. On the Admin Portal under the Forge tab, when Admin create a forge assessment, they need to be able to view the assessment, differentiate the assessment, and publish the assessment. When I tried to publish the assessment, it said failed to publish. When Admin publish the assessment, it needs to go to a place where they can share it with the teachers so that they can share it with the student. Admin are the only ones that can create a baseline, midpoint, and final assessment. When scholars complete the baseline, midpoint, and final assessment, the data shows up under EduCAP insights for both teachers and administrators for the grade levels. Also, allow admin to generate an ACCESS Code for the Forge Assessment so that they can give it to teachers for the baseline, midpoint, and final assessment. The teachers created assessment (Baseline, Daily Practice, Midpoint Check, Final Assessment) are different than the administrators. Change the names of the teachers created assessment so there won't be any confusions to (Teacher Made, Daily Practice, Homework, Midpoint Check, Formative Assessment). Teachers can still generate ACCESS Code but it will be for the Teacher Made Test, Daily Practice, Homework, Midpoint Check, Formative Assessment. Under Cost Controls on Admin tab, I am able now to upload documents/assessments but when go to the Upload Sources Page, I can't view it or interact with it. Add actions that are executable such as assign or send to teachers. The status remains queued. The auto tag settings button remains inactive, select pack dropdown box returns empty, Apply rules button doesn't work, Save pact does work. Item Staging Queued remains blank. On the Build Test feature, the Build Assessment tab is inactive and doesn't work. I am unable to build Assessment. Please make functional. Make sure all of the Assemble Assessment features work like DOK Distribution slider and make sure this is applies to the assessment on the build assessment tab. Make sure the AL Add-ons work and that the RUN AL button does that.
